[I2P.i2ptunnel]
source_file = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.de = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.routerconsole]
source_file = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.de = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.i2psnark]
source_file = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.de = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pt = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_pt.po
trans.ru = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.susidns]
source_file = apps/susidns/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/susidns/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.de = apps/susidns/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/susidns/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/susidns/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/susidns/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/susidns/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/susidns/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.desktopgui]
source_file = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.de = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.susimail]
source_file = apps/susimail/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.de = apps/susimail/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/susimail/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/susimail/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.nl = apps/susimail/locale/messages_nl.po

[main]
host = http://www.transifex.net

